> Register now !	> Login
INDR
SIEMENS
ND	MARKETS	Industry Mall
INDUSTRY ME	Welcome to our product catalog and online ordering
system .
INDUSTRY MALL
Industry Mall	English	▸ Contact Us	Help	▸ Site Explorer	Product Search
> Home	> Catalog	>	> Device Programming Units and Accessories	> 500-033260	Catalog	Shopping Cart	Tools
DPU | 500-033260	A
Buy product
DPU - Device Programmer / Test Unit for Fire Finder XLS and MSL Devices . Model DPU
is a compact , portable and menu - driven accessory used in many Siemens fire systems for	Quantity	1	1 Piece
electronically programming and testing detectors easily and reliably . Model DPU
eliminates the need for cumbersome , unreliable mechanical programming methods ( such	Add to cart
as dials or rotary switches ) , thus reducing installation and service costs . Model DPU
electronically programs and tests the detector prior to installation , via the interface's
microcomputer - chip , non - volatile memory .
Frequently bought together :
List Price	> Show prices
Customer Price	> Show prices
Availability
Product
Product Number ( Market Facing Number )	DPU | 500-033260
Product Description	DPU - Device Programmer / Test Unit for Fire Finder XLS	> DPU - C1 | 500-033990
and MSL Devices . Model DPU is a compact , portable and
menu - driven accessory used in many Siemens fire systems	DPU - C1 - Carrying Case for DPU . Model DPU - C1 is
for electronically programming and testing detectors easily	a protective carrying case for the Siemens
and reliably . Model DPU eliminates the need for	Programmer / Tester Device , Model DPU .
cumbersome , unreliable mechanical programming methods
( such as dials or rotary switches ) , thus reducing installation
and service costs . Model DPU electronically programs and
tests the detector prior to installation , via the interface's
microcomputer - chip , non - volatile memory .
Product family	> Device Programming Units and Accessories
Product Lifecycle ( PLM )	PM300 : Active Product
Price data	> SCM - 8 | 500-033040
Price Group	SCM - 8 - Switch Control Module ( 8 Switches ) .
List Price	> Show prices	Designed for use in the Siemens Modular ( or
FireFinder ) fire alarm control panel , Model SCM - 8 is
Customer Price	> Show prices	an option module that provides manual control of
the Emergency Voice Evacuation System or manual
Metal Factor	None	fire system control . Each Model SCM - 8 module
provides eight ( 8 ) momentary push button switches
Delivery information	and 16 LEDs to indicate their status . Each switch is
Export Control Regulations	AL : N / ECCN : EAR99	assigned two ( 2 ) LEDs and a label to indicate the
programmed usage with a label . One of the LEDs
Days to Stock	1 Day / Days	assigned to each switch is a dual - color LED used to
Net Weight ( lb )	4.321 lb	indicate what type of signal is active , and may also
be lighted steady or flashing to further indicate
Packaging Dimension	18.95 x 25.75 x 6.70	system status . For example , zones active to the
Package size unit of measure	INH	Evacuation audio channel will have the LED lighted
RED and steady ; zones active to the Alert audio
Quantity Unit	1 Piece	channel will have the LED lighted RED and flashing ;
zones selected for paging will have the LED lighted
Packaging Quantity	1	GREEN and flashing until the microphone key is
Additional Product Information	pressed ; when the zone transfer confirmation
message is received by the panel's command
EAN	Not available	console , the LED will change to steady GREEN ,
UPC	Not available	indicating that it is clear to page ; telephone zones
with a call - in in progress will have their LED flashing
Commodity Code	8537109170	GREEN until selected at the command console at
LKZ_FDB / CatalogID	BT_Catalog	which time the LED will convert to steady GREEN ,
etc. This allows the operator easy , clear access to
Product Group	P3UZ	the overall system condition at all times . The second
LED is amber , and is used to indicate a fault
Group Code	H3UL	condition . Each Model SCM - 8 and each switch is
Country of origin	United States of America	fully programmable and may be used to control
speaker circuits and a wide range of general system
RoHS Compliance	not available	functions , such as All Call , All Evac , Warden's Page ,
WEEE ( 2012 / 19 / EU ) Take - Back Obligation	No	Speaker , etc. Any number of circuits may be
grouped and controlled by a single switch . Switch
REACH Art . 33 Duty to inform according to the current list of	▶ Lead CAS - No . 7439-92-1 > 0 , 1 % ( w / w )	usage and zone groupings are assigned using the
candidates	programming software , ZEUS . Every Model SCM - 8
SCIP number	Not available	is mounted on a hinged panel , as a part of the
command console enclosure . Any combination of a
Classifications	Model SCM - 8 , LCM - 8 or FCM - 6 modules may be
mounted on the Model ID - MP . A six ( 6 ) conductor
Not available
cable is supplied for interconnection of the modules .
Models SCM - 8 , LCM - 8 , and FCM - 6 can be remotely
mounted up to 1000 feet ( 304.8 m . ) from the main
enclosure . Models REMBOX2 and REMBOX4 lobby
enclosures are required for remote mounting to a
SCM - 8 , LCM - 8 and FCM - 6 . The Model CSB
sounder is optionally available for switch audible
feedback for remote mounting applications .
2 >>>
> NIC - C | 500-033240
NIC - C Network Interface Card . Designed for use in
a Siemens Modular ( or Fire Finder ) system , the
Network Interface Card or NIC - C provides H - NET or
X - NET network communications between
enclosures . In addition to the H - NET or X - NET
communication the NIC - C provides CAN network
communication within an enclosure or external to
the enclosure . The H - NET or X - NET can be wired
Style 4 or Style 7. The CAN network can be wired
Style 4 only . A single NIC - C provides either H - NET
or X - NET . The CAN interface is available regardless
of the HNET or XNET usage . When the NIC - C is
used for H - NET communications it provides
communication between enclosures on a single
system . It is set for H - NET usage and an H - NET
address . The maximum H - NET NIC - Cs on a single
system ( single node ) is 64. The NIC - C supervises
the H - NET network to insure proper operation . The
NIC - C also isolates a short circuit fault to each
individual segment of the HNET network . The NIC - C
provides an electrical repeater for each H - NET pair .
SIEMENS
FIRE
PUSH THEN HERE
PULL DOWN
> HMS - D | 500-033400
HMS - D - Addressable Manual Fire Alarm Box
Double Action . The Model HMS - D intelligent manual
fire - alarm box provides the most advanced method
of address programming and supervision ; combined
with sophisticated control - panel communication .
Further , each Model HMS - D box achieves the state
of an intelligent - initiating device by incorporating
custom microcomputer - chip technology with
sophisticated , bi - directional communication
capabilities to the Siemens FACP .
> ZIC - 4A | 500-033050
ZIC - 4A - Zone Indicating Card . Designed for use on
a Siemens Modular ( or FireFinder XLS ) control
panel , the Zone Indicating Card ZIC - 4A provides
four ( 4 ) fully supervised programmable output
circuits . Model ZIC - 4A supplies four ( 4 ) Class B
( Style Y ) or Class A ( Style Z ) type output circuits ,
power limited to 4.0 amps maximum per circuit .
Each circuit can be independently programmed for
use with listed audible or visual notification
appliances ; listed emergency audio speakers ;
municipal - tie boxes ; leased lines , or as releasing
circuits . Model ZIC - 4A plugs into one ( 1 ) slot in a
Model CC - 5 or CC - 2 card cage , and has on - board
light - emitting diodes ( LEDs ) for system status and
troubleshooting . Indication of power ;
communication ; internal operation , and ground fault
conditions are provided , as well as indication of
circuit activation or Trouble conditions . Each circuit
or output may be controlled automatically with
system logic programmed with the ZEUS
programming tool or manually using a Siemens
Modular ( or FireFinder XLS ) keypad found on the
front of the panel's central processor unit .
© Siemens AG | Corporate Information	| Imprint | Terms of Use	| Data Privacy | Cookie Policy | Digital ID	| SiePortal T & C	Version 5.27.0
Catalog : ZU , Rdbid : ZU11146 ( D4S ) , Valid : 08-01-26 , Publd : 10704